doc: incentive the usage of GH discussions (#231)
canonical/docker-snap: README.md

This repository contains the source for the `docker` snap package.  The package provides a distribution of Docker Engine along with the Nvidia toolkit for Ubuntu Core and other snap-compatible systems.  The Docker Engine is built from an upstream release tag with some patches to fit the snap format and is available on `armhf`, `arm64`, `amd64`, `i386`, and `ppc64el` architectures.  The rest of this page describes installation, usage, and development.

> [!NOTE]

> > [Docker's official documentation](https://docs.docker.com) does not discuss the `docker` snap package. For questions regarding `docker` snap usage, please consider [starting a discussion](https://github.com/canonical/docker-snap/discussions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Docker's official documentation](https://docs.docker.com) does not discuss the `docker` snap package. For questions regarding the snap usage, refer to the [discussions](https://github.com/canonical/docker-snap/discussions).
> Docker's [official documentation](https://docs.docker.com/) does not cover the `docker` snap package. For information or support related to the snap, please visit the [docker snap discussions](https://github.com/canonical/docker-snap/discussions).
```

Author: Done here: e930ebea7b9a67b8b0bfe2eb26e865e6915d65a0
